# Research-On-Healthcare-Secuirty ⛑️

Cyber Security threats and mitigations in the Healthcare Sector

When conversing about cyber security involvement in any industry, there should be anything that is connected to a network which means an IoT mechanism. Internet of Things (IoT) is one of the biggest trends in the world at the moment. It has made life easier for every human in the world. Globally, IoT networks are growing rapidly as they connect billions of devices and exchange potentially sensitive information. The introduction of the Internet of Things (IoT) into the healthcare sector makes a great impact on the entire healthcare industry. The connection between the healthcare industry and IoT technology is referred to as H-IoT (Healthcare IoT). From the small wearable devices like step tracking bracelets to the large and complex programs like robotic surgeries, IoT has been able to create a large and positive impact on the healthcare industry. But as in every technology, there are some drawbacks in healthcare IoT as well. Since a lot of IoT tools and mechanisms are not developed concerning security measures, attackers can identify vulnerable targets and exploit them. Such exploits could affect devices and systems throughout the network. Latest solutions such as malware analysis systems can be considered as the technologies that are making effort to defend such kinds of situations to mitigate the threats against healthcare IoT. This review paper is concerned with the cyber security threats and mitigation methods in the health sector.
